Rats cannot throw up.
Honey does not spoil.
Space does not exist.
The billionth digit of Pi is 9.
The square root of rope is string.
This is a bad plan. You will fail.
You could stand to lose a few pounds.
A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
Dental floss has superb tensile strength.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
Polymerase I polypeptide A is a human gene.
The Sun is 330,330 times larger than Earth.
The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
The average adult body contains half a pound of salt.
Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit.
The atomic weight of Germanium is seven two point six four.
China produces the world's second largest crop of soybeans.
Human tapeworms can grow up to twenty-two point nine meters.
89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
Iguanas can stay underwater for twenty-eight point seven minutes.
Every square inch of the human body has 32 million bacteria on it.
The average life expectancy of a rhinoceros in captivity is 15 years.
At the end of The Seagull by Anton Chekhov, Konstantin kills himself.
According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
Whales are twice as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
At some point in their lives 1 in 6 children will be abducted by the Dutch.
Spheres that insist on going into space are inferior to spheres that don't.
Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
Raseph, the Semitic god of war and plague, had a gazelle growing out of his forehead.
Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit. They are found in Australians.
The Mexican-American War ended in 1848 with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general.
Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
The occupation of court jester was invented accidentally, when a vassal's epilepsy was mistaken for capering.
In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the Gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of reminding people to go to school naked and have their teeth fall out.
In Greek myth, the craftsman Daedalus invented human flight so a group of Minotaurs would stop teasing him about it.
Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
In 1879, Sandford Fleming first proposed the adoption of worldwide standardized time zones at the Royal Canadian Institute.
In 1948, at the request of a dying boy, baseball legend Babe Ruth ate seventy-five hot dogs, then died of hot dog poisoning.
While the submarine is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people still use boats for aquatic transportation.
Roman toothpaste was made with human urine. Urine as an ingredient in toothpaste continued to be used up until the 18th century.
Before the invention of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either whole eggs still in the shell or scrambled rocks.
The Tariff Act of 1789, established to protect domestic manufacture, was the second statute ever enacted by the United States government.
During the Great Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet rabbits, forcing many to hot glue-gun long ears onto their pet mice.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
Pants were invented by sailors in the sixteenth century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was believed that the sight of naked sailors angered the sea god.
Diamonds are made when coal is put under intense pressure. Diamonds put under intense pressure become foam pellets, commonly used today as packing material.
Contrary to popular belief, the Eskimo does not have one hundred different words for snow. They do, however, have two hundred and thirty-four words for fudge.
Halley's Comet can be viewed orbiting Earth every seventy-six years. For the other seventy-five, it retreats to the heart of the sun, where it hibernates undisturbed.
It is incorrectly noted that Thomas Edison invented 'push-ups' in 1878. Nikolai Tesla had in fact patented the activity three years earlier, under the name 'Tesla-cize'.
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
The most poisonous fish in the world is the orange ruffy. Everything but its eyes are made of a deadly poison. The ruffy's eyes are composed of a less harmful, deadly poison.
In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation, freeing the slaves. Like everything he did, Lincoln freed the slaves while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
The Schrodinger's cat paradox outlines a situation in which a cat in a box must be considered, for all intents and purposes, simultaneously alive and dead. Schrodinger created this paradox as a justification for killing cats.
In Victorian England, a commoner was not allowed to look directly at the Queen, due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ability to steal thoughts. Science now believes that less than 4% of poor people are able to do this.
If you have trouble with simple counting, use the following mnemonic device: one comes before two comes before 60 comes after 12 comes before six trillion comes after 504. This will make your earlier counting difficulties seem like no big deal.
